[Catherine] Previously,
on The Spanish Princess...
Behold my son and heir, Henry IX!
We welcome my father,
King Ferdinand.
You will have your war with France
and your treaty with Spain.
How wonderful to have
our trust in Spain at last.
[man]
Do I see Edmund de la Pole
on English soil?
[Edmund] I bring
God's wroth and the Yorks'
down upon Henry bloody Tudor.
[Maggie] Edmund de la Pole
has been arrested.
I am sorry
I could not come sooner.
Has something happened?
Do they tire of me
and wish to have my head?
Of course they don't.
[Bessie]
Your Grace, a letter for you.
It has your father's seal.
-[Henry] What is it?
-He is not coming.
My father...
he has betrayed us.
We will speak to God
and ask him
to forgive your mother's pride.
Henry?
Henry!
England, you shall have your victory,
and you will have
a new heir from my womb.
I stand here
as a daughter of England,
and I make you that promise.
[purposeful string music]
♪ ♪
[horrifying choral music]
-[baby screams]
-[Catherine screams]
Henry?
Catherine?
You dreamed he is crying.
It's not the sound of his crying
that brings the terror,
but the sound of his silence.
We're together.
We're strong.
[intriguing music]
♪ ♪
[sniffs]
It feels against nature...
against England,
that he was taken from me.
It makes me angry sometimes,
Lina...
Angry like a fire in me.
You have a new child to love.
Have you told the king?
No.
I wanted to be sure first.
But also, I...
I don't want to let little Henry go.
It feels as though
I am betraying him.
No, Highness.
[somber music]
[chuckles]
It's time for you to stay home, Lina.
Bessie can take care of me.
I will come and see you soon.
Tell him.
♪ ♪
[inhales sharply]
[exhales heavily]
[Henry]
The time to strike is now!
We'll give Pope Julius back Bologna,
Lombardy, and Genoa,
stolen by the French,
and we'll retake our own lands.
And the Holy Roman Emperor
supports this campaign.
He calls you the most Christian king.
[Catherine] So he should.
This is a holy war.
My cousin Charles is with us,
and his father, Maximilian.
But we'll leave your father
out of it this time.
My father's betrayal
only makes us stronger.
We must look to ourselves,
to England.
Gentlemen,
the queen is tireless,
is she not?
[Brandon] And if I may venture,
she's never looked stronger.
General Howard,
do you need a cushion,
or do you have something
you wish to say?
It's a mistake for you
to lead the army, Your Grace.
You will leave the country
without an heir,
and England will be exposed.
You suggest the king stay here
and what?
Embroider something?
When the king leads his men,
he increases their strength tenfold.
And tenfold is the calamity
if he gets an arrow to the throat
or the heart
or gets his cock blown off.
[Wolsey] The general's right
about one thing.
Edmund de la Pole still lives,
and he once tried to claim the throne.
His rebellion was three years ago.
There are none to rally to him.
[sharply] There are always
rebel pockets...
[normally] Your Grace.
And if the realm should be left
without an heir...
But the heir is here, Chaplain...
...within me.
[serene music]
♪ ♪
[softly] I waited to be sure.
Now I am.
♪ ♪
Thank you, dear Catherine.
The queen carries my son,
as I shall carry the banner
of England into France,
and we will be victorious.
[applause]
♪ ♪
[Boleyn]
Congratulations again.
And I wonder if I may raise
the notion
of bringing my family
further to court.
[Catherine] Henry.
♪ ♪
Surely Edmund de la Pole
is not a threat.
Catherine, as ever,
you are a wonder.
You've shouldered so much pain,
and yet, you're my inspiration.
My warrior queen,
I will do what I must to protect you,
and if de la Pole is how I keep you safe,
then I will take his head myself
this very moment.
[More]
Also Seneca used to say
that sometimes even to live
is an act of courage.
Ah.
Hm.
How were your classes, Reggie?
Well, we talked of Seneca
and the nature of Stoicism.
He had many questions.
There is a future for him
in the church.
Well, we certainly know
stoicism in our family.
Come along, Reggie.
[clears throat]
His silence is not designed to hurt you,
Lady Pole.
It is to protect him from pain.
I had no choice
but to leave him at the monastery.
It was for his safety.
Put your trust in time,
Lady Pole.
It will heal your son.
And I would have you know
that if you need to talk to somebody,
I am here.
Thank you.
[intriguing music]
♪ ♪
[Maggie] Master More was
very impressed with you.
You'll see him again.
Mother,
there is news at Westminster.
What news?
The king has decreed it so.
So you mustn't be upset.
Your Grace...
Maggie, I know this is hard.
My cousin is no threat to you.
Please, beseech the king.
One word from you, and--
Mother, I have told you,
it is the king's will.
I'm sorry, Your Grace.
It's all right, Henry.
There is nothing
can be done, Maggie.
So you won't even try?
[Bessie] You forget who
you're talking to, Lady P--
Uh, be quiet, Bessie.
Maggie, your cousin Edmund
led a rebellion against the Crown.
And he rots in the Tower for it.
Surely that is punishment enough.
[Henry Pole]
We were wrong, Mother.
All of us were wrong.
Your cousin was given
three extra years of life
by the king because the king is just,
but now he must receive
his rightful sentence.
I told him you would never do it.
I remember a girl in tears,
begging for forgiveness
for the blood that was spilt
to bring her here.
[Maggie's breath hitches]
How far you have come, Your Grace.
I remember that girl, too.
She risked the loss
of the man she loved
to beg for your life
and the lives
of your three children.
Your cousin is a danger to me
and my child,
and he must be execut--
It is the king's words
that fall from your mouth, Catherine.
[tense music]
Excuse me.
♪ ♪
[ominous music]
[Maggie]
My dear cousin Edmund.
♪ ♪
What have you brought me this time?
Bitters.
[music darkens]
♪ ♪
[Henry Pole]
Thank you, Your Grace.
We heard you paid the executioner
for a sharp blade.
And now this book is closed.
You may turn your eyes
to the next great Tudor conquest.
And the king rides my son
out into danger.
Riding out to battle
with the king is a great honor.
Take Ursula back to our rooms.
I saw us once as friends.
Then put your bitterness behind you.
Your cousin made his own fate.
Even he said so.
I pray for all you Tudors,
that your glory be magnified.
I am, and will always be,
your loyal servant.
[somber music]
♪ ♪
[dramatic music]
[men yelling]
[soldier] Mercy!
-[grunts]
-[soldier splutters]
♪ ♪
[man] Burn for Scotland!
Fucking English bastard.
♪ ♪
[Scottish soldier] Yes, men!
Victory is ours!
[all cheering]
[uneasy music]
♪ ♪
[knocking]
[door squeaks open]
Highness.
Oh, it is beautiful.
The color of granadas.
It's to fasten her swaddling
and adorn her as she grows.
Thank you, Catherine.
You think I carry a girl?
It is a feeling I have,
just as I have a feeling about mine.
Don't be afraid.
God will bless both you
and your handsome husband.
But he will not be here, Highness.
You are sending him to France.
[Oviedo] Highness.
This is an honor.
[Catherine] Captain.
I wish to appoint you
as part of my personal palace guard.
I-forgive me, Highness.
I am to serve under Lord Stafford
on the French campaign.
If you are my guard,
you will remain in Westminster.
You will see your child born, Oviedo.
No.
I thank you for your kindness,
but... I lead men,
and they look to me.
I have a duty, and...
I-I wish to go.
If that is your wish...
...then I will leave you both now.
[Oviedo] Highness.
Childbirth and war...
they both bring pain.
Both challenge those who face them.
One finds the woman
and one finds the man.
...is easy, but what we need
is enough artillery--
[Meg] James Stewart, you pig!
I am told this belongs
to Queen Anne of Brittany.
I am told that she sent this
to you as a gift.
It's a token of her friendship.
[Meg] No; clear evidence of her
belief that you are weak.
Her husband, King Louis,
knows of your reputation...
Right.
[Meg] ...as a ladies' man,
and so he bids her twist you
round her little finger.
Oh, Meg.
Meg.
Are your border raids
on England for her benefit?
[James] Maybe next time
we cross the border,
we could stay there.
Invade?
Your brother is readying
to rampage through France.
Queen Anne is a lady in distress.
This is a question of chivalry.
You can't possibly.
We have a treaty with England.
Scotland has
an even older one with France.
This woman sends you a glove
that smells like a--
like a whore's flannel,
and you declare war on my family!
The king's army will be away.
It shouldn't be much of a war, hen.
[Meg] And what of me?
I was sent here to keep the peace.
[James] Aye.
But your bloody brother
hasn't paid your inheritance from Arthur,
even though that
was part of the agreement.
I confess,
Henry has been slow to pay me
what is rightfully mine,
but he will pay, James.
[James sighs]
Your brother's greedy.
You'll never see that gold,
which means...
[inhales heavily]
This alliance of peace with England
is worthless.
[men shouting distantly]
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
[James] Gentlemen,
prepare for war.
[men cheering]
♪ ♪
[Henry] My loyal subjects,
I leave you now in the care
and protection
of your beloved queen,
the most loyal, faithful,
and prudent of women.
I make her now, in my absence,
captain of the forces
and regent of England.
[crowd cheers]
I... humbly thank Your Grace.
I swear I shall fulfill
your trust in me...
for your sake
and for the sake of my unborn son,
the future king.
[crowd cheers]
♪ ♪
Come home soon.
[dramatic militaristic music]
♪ ♪
[Ursula] Mary's prince
is strange to look at,
but he's richer than Solomon.
[chuckles]
[Anne] Was Solomon rich?
I thought he was wise.
No, Anne, I think that he
is also rich.
A rich king.
Ow.
It pinches.
Where?
[Mary] Here, here, and here.
[Ursula]
You have too much flesh, Mary.
[all giggle]
[Catherine chuckles]
[Mary] General Howard.
[Howard] Your Grace,
you wished to see me?
Yes.
[Mary and ladies chat idly]
The Scottish border raids
have grown much worse?
Yes.
Now they've even pirated
one of our trading ships
off the Berwick coast.
Bastards.
But the nature of the Scot
is more bandit than campaigner.
They're opportunists,
and they've grown bold
because they know the king is abroad.
We've no standing army,
and we're left with...
No.
Say it, General.
Because the king has left a woman
at the helm of England.
Queen Margaret of Scotland
writes to me
that her husband wishes to invade.
He wouldn't bloody dare.
It's bluster.
I have written to her
and asked her
to entreat James to desist,
but you, General, must ride north.
You must raise men and be ready
to defend England,
should the worst occur.
-That's fucking ridiculous.
-Will you please stop cursing?
[Howard] Forgive me,
Your Grace.
I don't know when I'm doing it.
I am commander
of the forces, yes?
And you are my force.
So I command you north, Howard.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
My dearest spouse,
my darling man, my king,
I hear that you have made camp
at Thérouanne
and that you have besieged the town.
This will be the first
of many great victories for you, Henry.
For myself,
I must deal with these
troublesome Scottish raids.
And General Howard rallies
stout Englishmen
to assist our depleted army.
I believe that many fine Englishmen
will heed the call for your glory
and repel the Scots.
But these are matters
that need not trouble you, my king.
I am well,
and your son grows each day.
I was told that war finds men
and childbirth finds women.
We endure what is given to us,
each his own.
Perhaps this is the way of things.
Your ever-loving wife,
Queen Catherine, regent of England.
♪ ♪
'Tis from General Howard,
Your Grace.
♪ ♪
Does he have his army?
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
Chief Armorer...
I have need of your services.
[whispering] James.
[disquieting music]
James?
♪ ♪
[breathing raggedly]
[Meg gasps]
[gasps loudly, pants]
James?
Angus Douglas.
Oh, Your Grace.
-I came to find the king.
-[Angus] He has ridden out.
I came to join my father's men,
but they have gone also.
Then you must take me
to King James.
Uh, Your Grace...
you cannot ride to battle.
Do you believe in the power
of dreams and visions?
Oh, aye.
Most certainly.
How else would our ancestors
talk to us?
Did you have a dream,
Your Grace?
I dreamt that...
that myself and the king
were drenched in the blood
of Scotland.
Then you must tell him.
♪ ♪
[Meg] James!
[men milling]
[James] You see, Meg?
They all came.
Settled their differences
to face a common enemy.
King Henry's away,
and he shouldn't have left
the pantry door open!
[soldiers shouting]
[quietly] God have mercy.
[purposeful music]
♪ ♪
Mary, I have asked for Lina
to be brought to Westminster
so Bessie and Ursula can attend her
when the child comes.
Of course, Catherine.
[Maggie] Catherine.
[Catherine] Maggie.
General Howard is struggling
to draw men to the banner.
If they see their regent, then--
Catherine...
'tis a folly.
No matter what your mother
has told you,
you are not equipped for this--
[Catherine]
Then who is, Lady Pole?
England is a land of women
and children
in our army's absence.
Someone must defend them.
Your cousin Edmund knew the cost
of following a cause.
He was prepared to die
for what he believed in.
To save my country, so am I.
[resolute music]
I may make James see sense...
or I may go to war, but either way,
I ride.
♪ ♪
[somber music]
[music swells]
♪ ♪
[crowd grumbling and jeering]
[Howard] Hold your tongues!
Let me speak!
Quiet!
[volume decreases slightly]
We know where the Scots are.
If they should cross our border,
we have an assembled force
marching now to Flodden to meet them.
-[men groan]
-Don't turn your backs!
You have a duty
to defend your country!
[man jeers inaudibly]
-[Catherine] Good morning.
-[men hush]
Join us.
Join your queen to face the Scot
before he consumes you all.
Do we know their numbers?
Greater than ours.
And they're trained,
whilst we have stable boys,
tavern keepers, shepherds.
Englishmen.
Howard--
I don't want you
anywhere near this battle.
I am not yours to command, General.
I will not be the man who kills
the queen and the heir.
This old bastard's heart would break
if anything should happen.
From the Scots.
Clearly, King James wishes to parlay.
It is not the king's seal,
but the queen's.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
[Scots jeering]
[unintelligible jeering]
[man] This is our land, men!
[soldier] Where do you think
you're going, My Lord?
Calm down, sonny,
and let the lady pass.
♪ ♪
[Catherine] King James!
[gasps happily] Catherine!
Bloody women.
[in Spanish]
I have no time for you.
You may make time, your Grace.
[in English]
You rode here with a child.
I would not have had to
if your husband
had not broken our alliance.
[men laugh]
My wife had a dream:
Scots' blood on the bedsheets.
Well, I had a dream, too:
the Scottish flag flying
atop the Tower of London.
[Meg] How is this worth it
for the glove of some French queen?
Well, Meg, it seems your intelligence
is not as good as ours.
It is not for the queen or honor.
He fights for gold
paid to him by King Louis.
-[laughs]
-[Catherine] Please correct me,
Your Grace, if I am mistaken.
Scottish claims in Europe
have been dismissed
by the pope.
Our allies, the French,
are being assaulted by your husband
with the pope's blessing.
This is wrong.
This march south
will restore Scots' pride.
And waste thousands
of Scots' lives.
[Meg] And English too.
Can reparations
not be made instead?
You think we should pay money
for being spared?
Fuck that.
You speak to the queen
like that once more, old man,
and I will scoop your balls out
with a spoon!
I think a fellow who wears a dress
couldn't do me too much harm.
Ha!
I have 17,000 soldiers.
You have an army of farmers
led by a mother-to-be.
[Meg] Catherine, please,
for the love of God,
I asked you here for peace.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
[scoffs]
Oh, there can be peace.
No man has to die tomorrow.
Withdraw.
♪ ♪
[Meg] Catherine...
Sister...
[James] Be still, Meg.
She knows that she can't stop this.
♪ ♪
If I ask my army to retreat,
then I must have...
♪ ♪
You will assure me
you will not run us down.
♪ ♪
I do not wish to risk my child.
Promise me you will not harry us.
♪ ♪
Aye.
I'll promise that.
You're wise to comply, Your Grace.
A mother first, eh?
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
I will address the men.
Tell them to prepare for battle.
♪ ♪
Jactancioso,
known in Spanish culture
as the bragging man...
who always weakens himself.
He was relieved
that the frightened woman
was going to flee.
He will not expect us to fight.
Bring a small group with torches
and follow me back into the town.
♪ ♪
[softly] Fuck.
[gentle music]
♪ ♪
Good people...
...you can see that I am
in the family way.
This armor is fashioned around
the unborn future king.
You see, my mother took me into battle
while I was inside her.
I was forged in war.
♪ ♪
Tomorrow morning,
my son and I will ride out
to meet the Scots.
And what kind of a mother
ride into battle
with a child in her belly?
♪ ♪
Well, to you mothers, I would say this:
We would die for our children, yes?
So we would kill for them also.
Men and women of England,
this is your fight.
Bring your axes and your knives,
your anger and your pride.
Ride with me...
and my son.
♪ ♪
The English are withdrawing?
They're amassing
in the open ground, Your Grace.
We need to engage them.
[dark music]
Catherine.
♪ ♪
[exhales sharply]
Lina?
Bessie, I told you
not to make a fuss over me.
I have perhaps walked
a little too far today.
[grunts]
[panting]
[groans]
[Bessie] Come, let me help you.
[Lina cries out]
[Howard] Good luck, Your Grace.
I do not need luck.
God is with me.
[Howard] Take luck anyway.
♪ ♪
I think--I think
the child's coming, Ursula!
[panting] I can't.
I can't.
[groans loudly]
Ooh!
[grunts]
[groaning]
[Bessie]
Lady Pole, what do I do?
Bring water.
[groans]
Let me help.
This is no place for you, Your Grace.
You shouldn't be here, Mary.
I want to.
[Maggie] Then hold her hand.
[panting loudly]
[horns trumpeting]
♪ ♪
[commander] Company, prepare!
Open ranks!
♪ ♪
Gentlemen,
I do believe this skirmish
may be well beneath us.
Ach, it's good exercise.
[laughter]
♪ ♪
[horn trumpeting]
[Scots cheering]
[George Douglas]
Send in the pikes!
[soldiers shouting]
[commander] Company, halt!
First rank, prepare.
First rank, down!
♪ ♪
[Scottish soldiers grunting rhythmically]
[English forces yell]
[Lina yelling]
The baby comes.
It's too soon!
Oviedo, I want you here!
[groans]
Lina, breathe steadily.
Just breathe.
[groaning]
[somber music]
♪ ♪
[men cheering]
[Howard] You were right,
Your Grace.
King James, in his arrogance,
commits all his men...
and himself!
He fights.
What?
Their monarch fights.
Which is foolish, Your Grace.
Advance!
[tense music]
[gasping]
I must oversee the southern side.
-You have your guards.
-Go, General.
Do your duty.
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
I can.
I must.
♪ ♪
[dramatic music]
[outrider] Protect the queen!
♪ ♪
[echoing whinny]
[soldiers shouting]
[man roans]
[Catherine grunts]
[pants]
[sound grows distant]
[groaning]
[breathing shallowly]
[Meg] James.
[unsettling music]
♪ ♪
[groaning]
[speaking Spanish]
[groans]
Oviedo!
Don't fight it, Lina.
Push.
Push into the pain.
[shouts gutturally]
[yelling]
[tense music]
♪ ♪
[Catherine breathing distantly]
[discordant music]
[crying out]
♪ ♪
[shouting grows faint]
[breathing raggedly]
[echoing shouting]
[Alexander, distantly]
The king has fallen!
Pull back!
Hey! Pull back!
He's done!
Step off the field!
Pull back!
[dramatic music]
[Lina groaning]
[sobbing weakly]
[otherworldly music]
Lina!
♪ ♪
[sobbing]
You let them kill you...
you arrogant bastard.
You were so sure.
You were so sure!
And it made you weak.
Get up!
-Come back to us!
-Meg.
-[Meg] Come back to us!
-Meg. Meg.
He was a good man.
You have taken from me...
the father of my two sons...
...and my best friend!
[crying]
He knew the cost.
Your eldest son is heir now
to his father's throne.
Go back and keep him safe.
I will tell Henry to support you
as sole regent of Scotland
until he comes of age.
You may take your husband's body home.
[laughs]
[Catherine]
But I will take his coat
and send it to Henry
as a symbol of our victory.
[uneasy music]
♪ ♪
Now take your husband home.
[Meg crying]
♪ ♪
[dramatic music]
[Meg wailing]
♪ ♪
-[Lina] Highness.
-[Bessie] Your Grace.
Your Grace.
We give thanks that you are safe.
All is well, Your Grace.
A healthy baby boy...
as is his brother.
[laughs weakly]
I am so pleased for you.
[Maggie] Catherine, let me take you
to your rooms.
We heard of your victory.
It is the king's victory.
His second.
The French fled from him at Thérouanne
and crumbled at Tournai.
Oviedo will be safe.
[exhales]
Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you.
I was wrong, Catherine.
I was wrong to attack you as I did before.
I do admire you.
I'm not your enemy, Maggie.
[bell ringing]
[crowd cheering]
God save King Henry!
[laughs]
Thank you for sending me
the king of Scotland's hide,
my queen.
I flew his tunic as a flag.
A modest victory
over a foolish border raid,
trifling in the shadow
of your French triumph.
I bring you a gift:
the duke of Longueville in chains.
What does one do
with a French duke?
[Brandon] Put him in the Tower.
There he can contemplate
his rotten French soul.
[laughs]
Go on, you dog.
Go to her.
God has blessed us twice, my love.
[Henry] We feast tonight.
We'll celebrate our victories
and give thanks to almighty God.
I'll be glad to be back in my own bed.
In mine, please, my king.
Wolsey says it could harm the baby.
Wolsey?
He says it's unclean
for us to share our beds
until you've been churched
after the birth.
May I ask, Chaplain,
what right you have to dictate
the terms of your queen's confinement?
Every right, Your Grace.
Nothing is more important
than the king's heir.
Nothing.
[Lina] We should name them.
Ahmed and Yusuf.
Please, Oviedo,
Christian names
for this Christian country.
I will not have them run for fear.
You must be ready for our bed,
exhausted by that fighting.
You want to know the truth?
We never met with danger.
The French ran away.
And the siege of Tournai?
It was just waiting
and waiting and waiting more...
...and dreaming of home,
of you.
[tender music]
♪ ♪
Will there be dancing?
There will be dancing
and drinking and stories.
Will you tell stories of Scotland?
There is nothing to tell.
I will listen to the king instead.
[Henry] Here's one, then.
When the French felt
the tide turn against them,
they fled the field so quickly,
they left their spurs behind them.
I'm surprised we didn't chase them
into the sea.
Stafford calls it
the Battle of the Spurs.
[Catherine laughs]
Uh, Bessie, leave us.
What I said to you earlier--my...
my mood was unfair.
You have been through a trying time.
As have you, riding north,
keeping that old fool Howard in check.
Howard is a loyal soldier.
But your sister Meg is grieving.
My sister Meg reigns over Scotland.
She should be glad.
She and her sons will keep
their peace with us.
It's a happy outcome.
You shouldn't have ridden out
in your condition.
For service to king...
and country...
and for chasing down
those French cowards...
[laughter and applause]
I bid you both now rise.
Sir Henry Pole,
Sir Charles Brandon.
[laughs]
[cheers and applause]
[Stafford] Well,
that has reduced the value
of a knighthood by some degree,
wouldn't you say?
[Brandon laughs]
♪ ♪
I'm even more of a catch
than I was before,
aren't I, horse?
I have no doubt you'll prove
an irredeemable bore about it.
[laughter]
And Thomas Howard?
A commendation for him, perhaps?
For holding up your skirt hem
in a muddy field?
[Wolsey] His Grace is right.
Howard has had enough titles
for one lifetime.
[court musicians playing light music]
♪ ♪
[laughs weakly]
I am very proud,
but mostly, I am just happy
to see you are alive.
[Catherine] And a fine knight
you shall make.
Your father would be so proud.
[Maggie] Your Grace,
are you quite well?
You seem a little pale.
I am just tired.
[Mary] Oh, who can blame you?
If valor is truly to be honored,
it is you who should be knighted.
I agree.
Knight a woman?
Maggie, you are a rebel.
It is in my blood, or so they tell me.
[chuckles]
[courtier] You got it!
Way to go!
-Finally!
-[Henry] Howard!
I say, Howard!
I've still got my cock.
[courtiers laughing]
[grunts]
[wincing]
[panting]
[crying out]
[desolate music]
♪ ♪
[sobbing] Please, please, no...
Oh, my--
please, please, please...
please...
[musicians playing sophisticated music]
♪ ♪
[woman chuckles]
-Lady Blount?
-Your Grace.
Where is the queen on who you attend?
I cannot see her.
Uh...
♪ ♪
Catherine!
No, I can-I cannot look.
No.
[uneasy music]
Stay back!
♪ ♪
I can't look.
[crying]
[melancholy music]
[Henry] It's a boy.
Fetch a nurse.
-Fetch a nurse!
-Yes, Your Grace.
Fetch a nurse!
♪ ♪
[Catherine sobbing]
I'm sorry.
♪ ♪
[dramatic singing in Spanish]